today I am a cardboard box for Minecraft
so this is the heck you may like this I
am Steve from minecraft hello I am Steve
from minecraft I mind do you have any
minerals please this is the this is the
upper body right here and these are the
arms okay here's the one arm do that and
then
pickaxe Wow
I could actually kill somebody with this
you can - that is it's this really legal
to walk around with this is it to me
yeah but if I hit other steel in the
head with this he'd die that's true you
can do whatever you want with this fake
this is this is made out of wood and
metal and it's heaviest yeah it is but
there's some kind of that's like a what
is this plastic or some toys or made out
of foam or foam yeah well it get off my
minecraft what in the world am I missing
all the live-action role-playing action
here yes I always wanted to be Steve or
a creeper Buddhists no you because you
came in late you're gonna be a creeper
creeper looks like a giant cock look at
this dude where it's gone you're gonna
be a giant cock
Wow I love my job
hey RP so this is your idea and you're
the guy who always makes fun of my life
after all playing past I still do
yeah you so this is something you
thought it's cool when you were growing
up did I call your mom to help you dress
up
ha
with them how do you do nice house you
have Steve made it how do you do can I
shake your hands yeah a trophy where's
my pickaxe I need to mind this man
Oh
run Forrest run
oh my god what is this he's not only
impossible to go around or even climb I
wish I could climb let's mine it oh this
is where you get the garlis I'm heading
I'm tired of my pickaxe
die damn it that's a Steve proof six
tons of steel proof Steve proof door hey
Steve how'd you make it in real world
huh I'm doing pretty good
now how did you make it touch come but
you come over here no I got bored but
all those pixels cheeks you hire way
through I'm here to mine for real I'm
here you know what you know the incident
in real life it's me who's gonna blow up
just picking up my sorry